Clarify minimal downtime data migration (#2654)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/migrate/migrate-data-between-elasticsearch-clusters-with-minimal-downtime.md

1. **09:00**: Take the initial full snapshot of the old cluster. You can also take the initial full snapshot the day before.
2. **09:30**: Restore the snapshot to the new cluster.

> 3. **09:55**: Take another snapshot of the old cluster and restore it to the new cluster. Repeat this process until the snapshot and restore operations take only a few seconds or minutes. Remember that, when restoring indices that _already_ exist in the new cluster (e.g. to pull in recently copied data), they need to be [closed](/deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore/restore-snapshot.md#considerations). Also remember that the restore operation automatically opens indices, so you will likely need to close the actively written ones after restoring them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **09:55**: Take another snapshot of the old cluster and restore it to the new cluster. Repeat this process until the snapshot and restore operations take only a few seconds or minutes. Remember that when restoring indices that _already_ exist in the new cluster (for example, to pull in recently copied data), they first need to be [closed](/deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore/restore-snapshot.md#considerations). Also, remember that the restore operation automatically opens indices, so you will likely need to close the actively written ones after restoring them.
```
Just a small suggested rephrasing.

4. **10:15**: Perform the final cutover.
    1. In the old cluster, pause indexing or set indices to read-only. For details on setting indices to read-only to safely pause indexing during migration, check [Index lifecycle actions: Read-only](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/index-lifecycle-actions/ilm-readonly.md).
    2. Take a final snapshot. 

>     3. Restore the snapshot to the new cluster. Again, remember that, to restore indices that already exist, they need to be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Restore the snapshot to the new cluster. Again, remember that to restore indices that already exist, they first need to be closed.
```
